Gwenevere Abriel: Ashley.
Wiley just goes by.
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk, so be it a kiss. But I think in curios wildly
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, good morning to. Yeah.
Ashley Bitakis: I'm sorry, just heard the last two words which you said it was
Gwenevere Abriel: The second one.
Ashley Bitakis: In the morning
Gwenevere Abriel: I get a note of and
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me, just update me. What happens with our when I send messages or tell me about What phone do you have still one phone right now.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, so we're supposed to meet up with my grandma and because we use her address at times were supposed to meet with her see the kids and
Ashley Bitakis: Go do some grocery stores, shopping and she never got back to us. She still hasn't Texas called us talk to us. I'm pretty sure she blocked or cell phone numbers so
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, we haven't heard from her.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you were trying to get another cell phone somehow that way is
Ashley Bitakis: Because because they want assistance, you know, we get a free phone and we had, we had one, but for we had it for like two weeks and then it took a shit on us.
Ashley Bitakis: So we have to reorder another one in new reorder phone had gone to her address because it would have been the easiest to pick it up there. And yeah, so that was our plan that Saturday to were shopping pickup or mail because they have some of the pieces of mail to you that
Ashley Bitakis: Head on over there. Speaker mail the phone and she just hasn't responded or talk to us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well that's utterly disappointing.
Ashley Bitakis: How many we anticipated or being a brat. So it's something that's like a shock. It's just annoying.
Ashley Bitakis: You know, just to be able to talk to the kids, whenever we want to, but we're not going to make like a huge fuss, like a huge you know fuss over. Otherwise, it's just going to be bad for the kids. So
Ashley Bitakis: I've tried emailing her
Ashley Bitakis: And just keeping up with some emails from Anthony school because you know they're out of school right now. So just to show her, like, hey,
Ashley Bitakis: I'm keeping up with what I can for Anthony on this side, you know, here's some homework is teacher had emailed me just a second going to stuff like that is so. She'll. She'll come around and you. She is like manic depressive disorder and stuff like that. So I don't want to set set it off.
Ashley Bitakis: So, um, I had told James today. All of the day is to talk to the children. So we'll just start calling it from other numbers. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. So regarding the phone. The reason I'm asking is because
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just see. Yesterday, your time about 636 29
Gwenevere Abriel: I sent a message.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I didn't get anything back until this morning. So that's what's a challenge. I don't know what to do about that. Because what will happen is if I don't hear from you. The night before and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll end up scheduling someone else because they don't think you're going to show up. So what can we do
Ashley Bitakis: Well, you know, early in the day was on standby on Friday. I was like, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, I have a family glued to my head and and in so and they had told James the same. And once you're ready for this tournament Italian and
Ashley Bitakis: Him and I both ended up falling asleep. So when you had sent that text I was sound asleep, as well as he was too and
Ashley Bitakis: You know, he hadn't really looked at the phone. I had the phone.
Ashley Bitakis: Until you know planning on for my appointment today, so I do apologize I did receive that message. I just didn't look at the time, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so we had I offered an 11 o'clock on the fly, didn't work out that when I'm less worried about. I'm more worried about the
Gwenevere Abriel: What if we did it like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you don't have you guys don't have a lot of structure that structure usually comes from. I'm going to school. I gotta go to a job. I gotta get my kids to school like it's typically and right now. You guys just don't have that. So you're sleeping.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm hoping that you're not using substances, I have to believe you. I hope it's the case. So let me just finish.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm thinking so that my confidence is still high.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you check when your appointment is like the day before. Do you have an awareness of when that is we do wait for the alarm. I'd like, were you aware that we had something set for Saturday.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, I have rooted down. Remember, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I remember we had that thing. But here's my point. I am. Here's my, my question to you is, in the absence of
Gwenevere Abriel: you're responding to my confirmation messages. What if you just the day before any of our meetings that you just say I'm going to be in group tomorrow I'm going to be an individual tomorrow at 8am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then
Gwenevere Abriel: I can relax and I don't have to be
Gwenevere Abriel: offering it to anyone else or putting someone on call.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or completely changing my life right because I've got things going on to where I set it up to make sure that I'm seated.
Ashley Bitakis: Right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Atlanta Saturday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to do that, like, okay, I got one coming up and maybe what you can do is
Gwenevere Abriel: Every time you set an alarm for a particular service you do double time you do one, the day before at seven at night or something, whatever, where you you set an alarm that says confirm with Gwen tomorrow's appointment, it'll just say confirm with Glenn tomorrow's appointment.
Ashley Bitakis: And you're ready. Don't in my own in my planner. That way to
Gwenevere Abriel: Your watch whatever is going to work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we've got a little plan this way. Nothing gets disrupted now.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you doing,
Gwenevere Abriel: So, yeah.
Ashley Bitakis: We've kind of been, you know, talking about because the corona corona is a is prevented you know James from going on a couple of interviews. So that's been a huge downer. And then I actually did have an interview with sprouts. I kind of mentioned to you.
Ashley Bitakis: So I ended up landing interview, my interview, really, really, really well. I mean, I know I got this position. They actually offered me a different position column that they thought I'd be a fit for. But again, everything's on hold because the corona so
Ashley Bitakis: You know, we're kind of thinking we're just kind of talking about earlier yesterday, like a plan B is mom is then or or Angel, you know, and all of this financially, she's really been helping us out. So
Ashley Bitakis: He's going to give us more of a call later on today. And just make sure that we're on a good track with the motel finance finance side of things and
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, to see if she can extend, you know, any, any help financially with a little bit short term for this month so
Ashley Bitakis: You know, just like food. And then if he could get, you know, a couple of books for Uber for when he does have his interviews, that'd be because none of it. None of the places that he's applying or could apply is walking distance boxes early. I can open my hotel door, and I could see
Ashley Bitakis: Which is which is really quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gosh, that would be so great.
Ashley Bitakis: Perfect, yeah. And
Ashley Bitakis: So again, I keep telling James like maybe the coronas a blessing in disguise. You never know who might die off and you can take their position. I know that sounds really cold hearted.
Ashley Bitakis: I know, trying to be converted but, at the same time, you know, the door closes and maybe another one's opening for us. So we're just really trying to do only stay positive with each other, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And are there times where it gets very
Gwenevere Abriel: Conflicted, are you guys fighting to get very intense.
Ashley Bitakis: I mean, at times, not so much here like last week, you know, going, going into today.
Ashley Bitakis: It hasn't been too intense with like anger. It's been intense overall with stress and you know expectations of each other where we're going to go from here. If this falls through, are we going to do so. I mean, that's all been high high level of intensity in high stress, but
Ashley Bitakis: No, no high intense emotions through anger. You really haven't been communicating
Ashley Bitakis: Let me actually not just this last week but communication ways and I have been doing a lot better job of communicating with each other like, especially with over the last like, month, month and a half.
Ashley Bitakis: But we were doing okay we're doing okay and we haven't been fighting this week, going into this this weekend into today. It hasn't been hasn't been, you know, anger or fighting or maybe a little spots here and there, but nothing. That's how to control. Okay.
I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Managing to stay off of the path.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, both of us actually ended up kind of fold and have no finances either so
Ashley Bitakis: It's been, it's been a good thing that falls into not having finances. Can you put that in anymore. So I don't have any money anymore. We're broke. We don't, we don't have any have any year
Gwenevere Abriel: To do what
Ashley Bitakis: To to supply our
Ashley Bitakis: You know, drugs, if we even wanted to you. So, um,
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, that's kind of a blessing. Also, guys, but
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, we haven't had the means to buy, buy anything or
House you your
Gwenevere Abriel: Clarity today. How's your brain.
Ashley Bitakis: Okay, I'm pretty groggy, actually, I'm kind of I'm pretty girl you today. Well, you know, I picked up my gap opinion.
Ashley Bitakis: So, which has really been helping me sleep and then I've been taking my iPhone been taking two I'm contract with my Suboxone
Ashley Bitakis: Only been taking to you, but I've been taking it like early in the morning. So like today I've, I've already taken it today. And usually, usually I hadn't taken it until it closer to like 11 ish
Ashley Bitakis: But no, I've been taking early in the morning. That's kind of helped me stay in bed and relax and sleep. Honestly, I've been sleeping, really, really good. I think they have opinions definitely helping also
Gwenevere Abriel: During the day, it's making you sleep.
Ashley Bitakis: Boy, I'm taking it really early and I haven't had any goals for myself to do anything is like outside the room.
Ashley Bitakis: And everything has kind of closed down and so yeah i I've honestly kind of just set a goal for myself. The last couple days last two days for sure, just the same as sleep, relax, and I have, I have been sleeping. Really good.
Ashley Bitakis: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Sleep. If anything, there's too much. It's not that you're missing any and you're noticing you're feeling groggy, so make sure, just make sure you tell the doctor about the gap and
Gwenevere Abriel: How much you're taking how often what time of day and
Gwenevere Abriel: Just communicating with her. So let's, let's talk a little bit about
Gwenevere Abriel: And if I have to repeat myself if that's fine. I'm not going to be defensive or anything because your brain. That's why I asked if you weren't feeling real sharp my caffeine hasn't even barely kicked in yet so I feel you on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And but that's okay. All right, so we'll just go just no problem. If we have to repeat, but I want to talk a little bit about
Gwenevere Abriel: Some fundamentals. You and I don't quite have the same message around change people, places and things and
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you get it intellectually like oh when yeah I didn't change my people, places and things. My mother in law was the problem I needed to move away from her. She's the why I use drugs. Hmm. Hey, if you just
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh huh huh, you're going to have to explain that to me more, because I don't see it the same way so
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't see it. I don't see it.
Ashley Bitakis: Um, when one thing I know you and I had discussed what is, you know, our mutual friend username, which was his best friend. You know, he we don't talk to him anymore and we haven't talked to him again. Yeah, like a month. So that's been a really good thing.
Ashley Bitakis: I have another friend of mine. Her name is Ashley as well. Our kids had played together, whatever she's really taking a turn for the worst. Be kind of offered out a helping hand and have her come stay with us because we have an extra bed in our hotel room and
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, so after she stayed with us, like two nights and ended up getting into an argument with games and come to find out. She just was really kind of like using
Ashley Bitakis: Us at that time those couple days now just using us have been using me through our entire friendship. So it's kind of really good you know the truth always comes out a little bit at a time.
Gwenevere Abriel: But how was she exploiting you and James
Ashley Bitakis: Well, um, so
Ashley Bitakis: A friend when we were saying at the value place, which was a different hotel.
Ashley Bitakis: We had a friend who passed away. She was six months pregnant and she had shut up too much, and she died. I mean right in front of me. I was the only one left in the room trained
Gwenevere Abriel: When
Ashley Bitakis: This was just like going only two months ago now and
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah. So through that through that Ashley had
Ashley Bitakis: Had been telling people like all kinds of different things and pretended like she was her sister and like
Ashley Bitakis: She just was acting crazy like just to like, you know, she took money from us. And that's where we ended up, offering her help through this
Ashley Bitakis: And it's like she used that as an excuse to just even come in in her room and letters. Let her stay. You know, so she's just she's just a scandal is personal and
Ashley Bitakis: She used that whole situation to just get our foot in the door just so she can, you know, take me she can she was like her clothes money.
Ashley Bitakis: Like overall she got she got I was like a 160 bucks or like 40 at least. And then she tried to like
Ashley Bitakis: Set up our PayPal account with other people's credit card numbers and we try to like still are. Yeah, like true. So our information for our PayPal just created just crazy shit so so she was using us. I mean, we're not in a position to where
Ashley Bitakis: We really have anything anyway but
Ashley Bitakis: Um, she just tried to like get her bank account numbers.
Ashley Bitakis: And, you know, get her hands on any money. We had and any clothes she wouldn't have mine. So it's just stuff like that and she use Ashley pastor friend who passed away was also named Ashley so
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, so I'm you know i'm actually Wiley user, the bad Ashley's actually Todd and then learning pathways actually does. Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'm. Do you remember the original topic of discussion, let me just see how your mind's working right now to remember how we got to this story.
Ashley Bitakis: You believe you asked me innocence will. How is she using this
Gwenevere Abriel: Changing people, places and things, and you're trying to send me a message you're trying to
Ashley Bitakis: Communicate
Gwenevere Abriel: To these stories. I like him. I like them and i and i it's really hard to not want to talk about dish or for a moment, but
Gwenevere Abriel: That I think might need a whole session.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's just talk about changing people, places and things you're trying to communicate something to me but
Ashley Bitakis: I'm trying to communicate to you though we've gotten rid of, like, not a lot, all of these people that we thought were friends that were friends at all and
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me the name and turn it
Gwenevere Abriel: Up here James's friend's name. One more time, his best friend. That was your primary connect
With
Ashley Bitakis: He yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so now we're talking. Now, do you remember it's okay if you don't, because so much has happened, but do you remember
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't I don't tell people what to do that. That's why it's a little difficult. I don't say, hey, you need to do this, you gotta do that I kind of dance around it. I think it's better if you guys come to the conclusions on your own.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you own it, then you know it's yours. You made this decision, and it's not someone else telling you what to do some people it's it's inconvenient because it takes longer, but that's how I roll.
So I
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't tell people what to do, but I do know that I probably spend some time talking about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how having that continued friendship puts your recovery in jeopardy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's why the discussion of changing people, places and things was probably talked about a few times.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was yeah and
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I see why you brought him up. Now, notice how it didn't matter whatever I brought up, you had to come to this realization on your own.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I hope in some way.
Gwenevere Abriel: The fundamentals of early recovery have some credibility, though, because it's the same topic around having that pipe still in the hotel room. It's the same one as
Gwenevere Abriel: When we talked about he you know months ago. It's the same thing. It's you're holding a reservation. That's where that term comes from a reservation for relapse you're holding it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you did not think it's conscious, but
Gwenevere Abriel: There it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: It that that idea that I can use. Again, it's not that far down on the list. It's like, maybe it went down a little bit, because look what happened to today. Sure, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It may be a move down and maybe you're thinking about your, your children, and maybe, maybe you sometimes. I hope you do remember you and all of this that maybe you want to reach your potential which we have talked about in the past that you want to be this.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know this creative spirit that you are you're spontaneous and exuberant you're all these things and it's not getting a chance to express itself right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the fundamentals, the basics right now in your life are protesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your recovery. Everything else is going to fall in line. But first, this has to happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, we talked a little bit about why don't I hear from you and see how this is going in. How is
Gwenevere Abriel: That
Gwenevere Abriel: Similar to
Gwenevere Abriel: He
Ashley Bitakis: Would you say to
Ashley Bitakis: The thought in the back of your head wall.
Ashley Bitakis: Oh, just like a pair of running shoes.
Ashley Bitakis: That I know protein down and
Ashley Bitakis: You know tongues hanging out laces ties, like a wall. Maybe I need them again even though they're useless and have an appointment, obviously. So this user, you want to wear. But you're going to keep them anyway, like just want anyone to the idea of
Ashley Bitakis: If, if and when
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Ashley Bitakis: And then kind of stupid to say to later I even thought about, well, no, you know, we're not financially, you know, well off. So, you know, we don't have to buy another one. If we were to sum up again, we'll have to buy another one. So that would save us money. I mean I wouldn't let him excuse
Gwenevere Abriel: Me. But that's, yeah that's that's that's the attic, making the decision that's being budgeting for addiction that
Ashley Bitakis: Out of that little boy wanted to do, just in case you don't have to spend money, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: But so I want to press a little harder here. Now I know you're going to do what you're going to do, but I want someone to say it because I don't know if anybody else in your life is saying this stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: If that pipe were locked up in a safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: In a bank. I know it's ridiculous but just go with the metaphor.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it would cross town.
Gwenevere Abriel: You would have the inconvenience of having to get there to go get it in the amount of time that it would take and the hassle. You might drop and remember this is freaking ridiculous, what am I doing
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to spend money on an Uber when I need that over. We need this money for over to go get a job. I will see the kids or pay for data on a phone, but you might stop say thank you and walk away back home.
Gwenevere Abriel: But when that pipe is three feet away.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have no time.
Gwenevere Abriel: To resist an impulse
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to be inconvenienced
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to be really inconvenient in your life to us.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want it to be inconvenient.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want. I'm not a
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not a friend to the addict inside I I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Not a friend. I'm your friend I care about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the logic when you go and you listen to this later on when we sort of review this session that your logic was I wanted to make sure that I didn't have to invest more money in a pipe when you have so many other things that
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to look back at this and be your jaws going to drop
Gwenevere Abriel: It is
Ashley Bitakis: I mean, even just hearing you know it's
Ashley Bitakis: kind of amusing full sour, you know, cuz I know it's not the right thing like
Ashley Bitakis: Make enemies. People like I do have a sense of guilt.
Ashley Bitakis: Between mailing
All
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, isn't that kind of what we need.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not shame or guilt. Like, that's true. I am trying to keep it can be. I am keeping it close and maybe the truth is I'm not ready to commit to recovery. Maybe that's it.
And then
Go ahead.
Ashley Bitakis: And write it for shooting like so it's
Ashley Bitakis: Really good not to be dependent on on smoking heroin.
Ashley Bitakis: You know, something that I am proud of myself work. And that's something that
Ashley Bitakis: I can finally breathe and no I don't have it, you know, to say, I used to consider it such a friend, my best friend, you know, TV and just like the other day where was I
Ashley Bitakis: Can't remember where it was. And they and they had stopped and I was like, wow, I haven't been here so long that I was at the casino before they close the casinos down and this is not this week, but it was like last week, maybe
Ashley Bitakis: And they stopped and I was like, wow, I haven't been a casino without a foil because you smoke but running smoke in the bathroom and I mean
Ashley Bitakis: As like I haven't been to casinos over foil and I couldn't tell you how long, so it was like I felt almost naked in a moment, but it felt really good. And, you know,
Ashley Bitakis: Just even I had haven't thought about even smoking, but just to be in that environment. How
Ashley Bitakis: Level foil with me. Okay. You know, it wasn't, it wasn't scared like it would have been before. Okay, but now it's like with was mentioned frenemies. It's like treating one thing for the other. It's like
Ashley Bitakis: I don't, I don't know why I feel like okay well I gave up my heroine, you know, my best friend. But then it's like, what am I, replacing. You know, I feel like I'm I have been searching for something to replace it with. Oh, so do you hear when good for me. But here I am, you know,
Ashley Bitakis: Smoking. You know, like
Gwenevere Abriel: Placed it
Ashley Bitakis: And that's why I'm so scared. Just to be
Ashley Bitakis: Sober away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: But that
Gwenevere Abriel: When we were starting to work on.
Ashley Bitakis: We were
Gwenevere Abriel: Just starting we were working on. Who am I, am I worth this we were looking at at identity we were looking at. Am I good enough. And we're starting to do that work. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you had it, you have a slip
Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Ashley, you were not changing, and you still have not fully changed people, places and things you are off to a good start. He I don't
Yeah.
Ashley Bitakis: Sorry, I'm missing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's a good start.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, oh yeah, without definitely it's a good, sir.
Ashley Bitakis: You even realize without having somebody consistently in your life. Like, I can't even speak from my
Ashley Bitakis: More for myself with my mom like not having that person consistently in your life.
Ashley Bitakis: Does it does feel really good without him. It really does. And you doing us a favor, more than anything.
Ashley Bitakis: Not reaching out to us, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So he's pissed off at you guys. You didn't make a payment. That's what's happening.
Ashley Bitakis: No, nothing like that. I'm not too sure exactly
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Ashley Bitakis: So, Ashley, but it wasn't the
Gwenevere Abriel: Man, I don't know how much this is going to fall on deaf ears.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not having money for drugs.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not having transportation, you're not having he come at you with offers
Ashley Bitakis: Well, there was no I just thought it was an injury.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, but they're there. They're circumstantial, they're not coming from your conviction. Watch the difference when it's my conviction and it's this
Gwenevere Abriel: I won't be as profanity. But I want to. It's step back. He don't don't ever text me, call me I will call the police. If you do. Okay. Well, that, that's my conviction sing backup. Do not contact me again. You do not love me, care about me or my health or my goals are my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: And realizing with this pipe that's in this home that are your motel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stepping on it breaking it crushing it. That's your conviction taking action when you just say passively. Oh, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what's going on. It just hasn't reached out to us in a while and oil. I happen to not have money right now. That's why I'm not using
Gwenevere Abriel: And, well, you know, I don't want to upset, maybe, James. So do you understand the difference between being passive
Gwenevere Abriel: And being assertive and in your conviction. So that's what I'm looking at. I'm looking at all it would take. And here's my concern all it would take. Is he knocks on the door and says, Here's free because watch doesn't take money and he's right there here feel better.
Gwenevere Abriel: There it is. You're gonna have to pay
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you didn't have the pipe and he didn't. It would be inconvenient. Maybe you would remember
Gwenevere Abriel: This is going to set me back. I'm going to be depressed when I don't have it, because when you are not on meth. You have completely depleted your dope. I mean reserves and you're going to feel depressed. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you feel that
Ashley Bitakis: Um, I, I
Ashley Bitakis: Mean I feel, I feel down
Ashley Bitakis: I you know I do have my success so
Okay.
Ashley Bitakis: I don't feel hopeless.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the difference between being assertive and being passive. Do you see what's happening around
Ashley Bitakis: Us and I absolutely can see which
Ashley Bitakis: Is very very very very
Ashley Bitakis: Very true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could be here this morning that I wanted more than you do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You think that's possible.
Ashley Bitakis: I mean, I think it's a scary possibility possible. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think it has something to do with that question you said to yourself. I wonder why. Why have I just moved from one substance to another. Why am I not okay. I was just being me.
Ashley Bitakis: Do you mind. Do you mind if I am I move our conversation outside
Gwenevere Abriel: Course go
Ashley Bitakis: I don't think it does he do I
Gwenevere Abriel: Go. I'm gonna go use the restroom real quick is perfect timing. I'll be right back.
Ashley Bitakis: Drugs, because he can't smoke.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, can you
Ashley Bitakis: Hear me
Ashley Bitakis: Sorry.
Ashley Bitakis: Can you hear all the traffic coming through loud.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now I can't
Gwenevere Abriel: Though
Ashley Bitakis: Can you hear me clearly here.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Glad you did that because maybe there's some things you want to share a little bit more candidly
Ashley Bitakis: I mean, from what it's come down to I really feel like it might hurt. There's no way that I can possibly get sober.
Ashley Bitakis: Bigger changes like there's just no way. I don't see how that's a possibility.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, honey. I know that's hard to say.
Ashley Bitakis: Somebody you know
Ashley Bitakis: You're talking about
Ashley Bitakis: You know, going to rehab and it's like
Ashley Bitakis: That's, you know, that's fine. Like, that's something I'm I'm willing to do another day, you know, somebody's watching over the kids, I'm comfortable with where the kids are. I have the freedom to do that. It's just
Ashley Bitakis: It's just a really hurt predicament. And, you know, talking about getting depressed. It's like I don't I don't smoke so often to where I have these aftermath of depression, but I see that in James and it doesn't make sense. It's, you know, like three days after have
Ashley Bitakis: A complete illusion. It's like almost geez delusional. I don't understand it. And I'm trying to be patient. And then of course you know I'm not in my right mind necessarily either, but in their right mind enough to see that. It's manic depressive and
Ashley Bitakis: And I, you know,
Ashley Bitakis: He won't take any kind of medication like even if I wanted to share my Alexa or Gabba pin or even share my sponsor. He won't take anything
Ashley Bitakis: So it's like it's rough it gets really, really, really, really rough and and even if I were, you know, even if I'm staying sober. Then I highly doubt he will. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but, first of all, Ashley notice you took care of yourself. You went
Ashley Bitakis: Outside
Gwenevere Abriel: You make sure that you had an environment where you could actually talk candidly, that's really important that you did that and yes
Ashley Bitakis: I don't want to blame him and certainly guy.
Ashley Bitakis: I couldn't just you know tournament snow going to happen.
Ashley Bitakis: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: What we had done last time was I, I said, why don't you at least flip your insurance card over call behavioral health and come up with three three or even one
Gwenevere Abriel: New Mexico. I'm going to tell you right now is a difficult place to find residential care. I will tell you it is the only one I know is hoy, but I know there's others it's just they're really hard to find. Did you make that call or sleeping.
Ashley Bitakis: Well I, I absolutely thought about making that call. But again, we can go looking at rehab centers to leave to the last couple days.
Ashley Bitakis: Wouldn't have been beneficial in the sense of a peaceful environment between him and I
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so phrase that
Gwenevere Abriel: Third person, which
Ashley Bitakis: Is confusing for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Was afraid.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I looked up rehabs James and I would fight. Say it a little bit direct
Ashley Bitakis: Like that. So, within the last couple of days. If I were to use the phone you cell phone to live in.
Ashley Bitakis: rehab facilities. It definitely could have caused a fight between James and I
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Now what, where are you near
Ashley Bitakis: Well, I'm, I'm in Albuquerque. So I'm in the Northeast heights. Currently, but I'm I'm
Ashley Bitakis: Like, where am I, near like what cities in my near outside of Albuquerque my close to or
Gwenevere Abriel: No, that's fine. I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the zip code there.
Ashley Bitakis: 87123
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so there's a part of you who thinks this, this might be in your best interest. The timing might be good. The kids are being taken care of and
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you're getting to it might not be your rock bottom, but you're starting to see some motivation to maybe get some intensive care. You weren't getting it. Yeah. Okay, so you might be getting there. Alright, well I'm excited.
Ashley Bitakis: Pretty rock bottom.
Ashley Bitakis: Being know being with me children is
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go.
Ashley Bitakis: And then, not knowing I honestly I really think that if I were to be employed.
Ashley Bitakis: I could hold a job, but
Ashley Bitakis: That's just wishful thinking. And I honestly don't. I honestly couldn't straight face 110% say I could hold the job even read it.
Ashley Bitakis: I wouldn't want to miss out on the opportunity but long term lake or then a couple months. And, you know, if I could.
All right, let's see.
Ashley Bitakis: And then to a while you're good at doing some research, like, you know, my mom and her husband have been fighting a lot. So my mom had stayed with us to end, you know, she's cut back on smoking crack
Ashley Bitakis: The most I've ever seen her. But you should see what this too. And then it's just like
Ashley Bitakis: Anytime she's around me. Oh, she wants to do is party party party because if she's around me and then she earned her husband.
Ashley Bitakis: So that's another thing that's kind of really brought me down between that and
Ashley Bitakis: You know actually disturbing is just like if I weren't if I'm not going to be here. Where would I be I couldn't go with my dad. I mean, he's an alcoholic and I broke ties with him a long time ago. Like it couldn't go with my mom because
Ashley Bitakis: She's no good to my own house like
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, so, James, his mother, the one that has your kids didn't
Ashley Bitakis: Know my grandmother has
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold that thought that woman now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say you decide, let's say it goes like this, you get yourself into a residential treatment. Let's say you there for a month or three months or whatever it is, let's say you're there and you have a new perspective on
Gwenevere Abriel: Your grandmother
Gwenevere Abriel: You are with your kids and
Gwenevere Abriel: She is talking to me. I'm not saying it has to be that way. But let's say you and I are working together, seeing each other. A couple times a week you're working on communication skills on how to manage how to not piss her off.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you have a place to live and you're near your kids. James is not there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is your grandmother going to see you are actually committed for the first time, because you're not with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see it.
Yeah.
Ashley Bitakis: Something across main to
Ashley Bitakis: It's just, that's what's holding me back from a lot of things.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you're scared it's where am I going to live, how am I going to do this the part you don't know. And this is the part where I can step in
Gwenevere Abriel: Somebody
Gwenevere Abriel: Has to have faith that everything's going to be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't know that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you can't see his help. Absolutely.
Ashley Bitakis: I'm already here.
Ashley Bitakis: She couldn't hear because the traffic. I'm sorry.
Ashley Bitakis: She couldn't hear the traffic. I am sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to continue
Gwenevere Abriel: Another time, what do you want to do, how would you feel safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here. OK, now
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, I actually took his later.
Ashley Bitakis: Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'm trying to communicate Ashley is because you're in it. It's normal for you to find it a really cool thing that your mom is smoking less crack
Gwenevere Abriel: Your perspective on what a healthy environment is is so skewed.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you can't see how your whole environment is surrounded by drugs, it's it's surrounded. There is a whole other life out there where you can love yourself and raise your children.
Gwenevere Abriel: Perfect job a job you enjoy and all that charm and and creative mind that you have people around you will enjoy, but you don't know that right now.
Ashley Bitakis: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Not saying you're completely consumed with what if I lose James
Gwenevere Abriel: Because he's your everything right now he's security keys.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bit of love this little crumb of love that you're willing to accept as nourishment. You don't know what is available to you. You live on scarcity and uncertainty and you don't know in a real time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even what health is
Gwenevere Abriel: I want. I've been watching, where is it, where is it, I haven't heard anyone who's in your life that is a loving healthy person.
Gwenevere Abriel: All the way to the soul. You don't know a darn person.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's this mystery of of Jesus Christ like is that real. Is that a real thing. There are good people. Yes, we
Gwenevere Abriel: We get selfish sometimes and we save route things. And maybe we get angry, but there are good people that you could be near you just don't know that right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the part that I think I can play is I can have that faith when you don't know it to be true. I know you are capable of working a job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Staying on antidepressants for a while until you really get solid in your self esteem, your identity, but you've got some healing to do for sure. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So, so what, so you do it. I'm happy to do that with you and then get kids back maybe you go to school, do something that you enjoy right a career.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that won't happen unless you get some treatment and you're away from him. I don't think that's just good
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you don't have to look so far ahead. All you have to do is just look at one thing and that is you had this conversation you sat with the idea of maybe I really do need I'm real close. This might be my bottom
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to overanalyze you just do the next right thing and the next right thing will happen. You don't have to take it more than one hour ahead. You just go this hour. This is what I'm going to do. Don't overthink it. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I would say one of your first steps is. I mean, I can make some calls for you and I can see what availability is, is your email secure. Could we communicate via email. Okay, so that won't work. So it's going to be in here.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a couple of little things. I don't know that's going to happen at this late hour, but little things like you could sign a release of information.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could you and I could be on the phone on the I've done this. I've been on the St. I've been on the phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: With for example you, um, how did we, how could we worked up
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm on the phone with the provider with Medicaid behavioral health and you're hearing zoom
And
Gwenevere Abriel: I get the information I asked the questions and we sort of move like that.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. If you absolutely had to take a bus to get somewhere if it was an hour away or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you would you be able to do that.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, I could do
Ashley Bitakis: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so I'll do a little bit of investigation and see what's possible. What is can you do you have your card on you.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, I'm sure I'm Regina going just like
Ashley Bitakis: Okay. Sorry, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Ashley Bitakis: I don't know if I can get back into the room.
Ashley Bitakis: Do I have my card on me. Oh yeah, my insurance card.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I just wondered if you would flip it over and tell me what your
Ashley Bitakis: No, I don't have an army and he walked me out of the room. I don't think we're
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Ashley Bitakis: I did, I did give it to. I did take a picture of it and they did give it to you guys.
Okay.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll go look at it. Okay.
Ashley Bitakis: And we'll take it. Let's get to our
Gwenevere Abriel: next appointment, cuz I know you got to deal with logistics right now.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your
Gwenevere Abriel: Your next group.
Ashley Bitakis: To fund it just
Ashley Bitakis: I
Ashley Bitakis: Mean it's reported
Ashley Bitakis: On this phone and have a conversation. I'd have to call you from the room.
Ashley Bitakis: That's fine.
Ashley Bitakis: That's fine. Just so you know, any, any phone call. That's me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ashley.
Ashley Bitakis: Can you hear, can you hear me. Yeah.
Ashley Bitakis: What are your next available.
Ashley Bitakis: Okay, um,
Ashley Bitakis: What I'd like to do
Gwenevere Abriel: In the short term, is I'd like you to attend Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to go to a group
Ashley Bitakis: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I want to stay in contact with you want you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Continue to feel connected. Can you go at
Gwenevere Abriel: One 1pm
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah.
Ashley Bitakis: And then OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, and then at
To
It to
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see you on Tuesday.
Ashley Bitakis: You probably can't hear me, but
Gwenevere Abriel: What I can hear you.
Ashley Bitakis: Okay, you want to stay on Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. So one is going to be a group
Gwenevere Abriel: Counseling. It might be closer to 210 I won't have a
Ashley Bitakis: Chance to eat.
Ashley Bitakis: Okay, are you able to
Ashley Bitakis: You're able to text me
Gwenevere Abriel: Say it one more time. Say it one more time.
Ashley Bitakis: Are you able just to be sure I heard you correctly, or even three
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, I'll send you the heads up on Sunday night.
Gwenevere Abriel: And on Monday. Okay.
Ashley Bitakis: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And do you need medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to repeat that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have enough medicine to get you to
Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take yourself off the video I want to hear what take yourself off video and say it again.
Ashley Bitakis: Yes, I have enough minutes until the last thing, till Tuesday.
Ashley Bitakis: Prescription Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Ashley Bitakis: I've been only taking two at a time. So I have enough to pick it up again on Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Ashley Bitakis: Listen, Ashley.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just one
Gwenevere Abriel: One thing at a time that mantra for today next right thing next right thing will happen. Let's keep it really simple.
Okay.
Ashley Bitakis: That's all, that's all. And and and
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything's gonna be okay. He just just we got to get in. Maybe there's an extra key. Maybe the owner of the motel has it. So just one little thing right in front of you have the other. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll see you on Monday.
Ashley Bitakis: I can. Okay, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'll see you
Ashley Bitakis: I'll see you Monday. I'll text you to confirm with us, the day before, and I'll be waiting for your text. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm really proud of you. I'm really proud. You're doing the hard stuff. This is hard. I know.
Ashley Bitakis: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got you've got what it takes. I recognize it. You've got what it takes to pull this off.
Ashley Bitakis: Thank you. I appreciate you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Toxin
Ashley Bitakis: Thank you. Okay, bye.